Heiberg tape today I'm bringing you a
review of chocolate the fall by Nathan
filer I finished this last night and I
am in love with it it's amazing and I
wanted to do a separate review of this
one in particular because I feel like
not many people know a lot about it and
in a way I understand why that's
happened because it's the kind of book
you need to go into blind because then
you are so lovely Lea love Lily
pleasantly surprised by what's inside
but at the same time I feel like people
need to know a bit more than they do
know and everybody seems to know that
this book is about grief and mental
illness and that's about it this a book
follows Matthew Holmes who is a
schizophrenic and his brother assignment
is a Down Syndrome child who dies that's
not a spoiler it does say it on the back
and and even though the story is
predominantly about what time the effect
Simon's death has on Matthew it's not at
the same time because Matthew is
mentally ill that runs in his family
it's not because Simon dies but Simon's
death really shapes his illness I
suppose you could say I also was under
the impression when I went into this
following to nine-year-old boy's Matthew
is knowing at the beginning but it
follows him and he's writing the story
cuz he writes the story he's writing the
story when he is 19 years old so you
follow him through sort of ten years of
his life really and ten years of his
experiences and it's just beautiful it
is amazingly written I mean i whisked
through it there any mind there's not
much writing on each page really it's
very quick to read I think I read it in
two sittings so about four hours and um
yeah it was just beautiful I really
really recommend this oh it's a bit
skeptical about reading this so soon
after extremely around incredibly close
because I thought they kind of sounded
like they dealt with the same themes
like Oscar Shannon extremely odd
incredibly she's nine years old he's
dealing with the death of his dad and
etc but because this followed Matthew
through 10 years of his life it wasn't
as much like extremely loud incredibly
close as I thought it was going to be
they are both in my top though they are
based they are quite similar
and they are both gorgeous books and
couldn't pick favorite if I tried it's
just about his life really and about
dealing with his illness and he sort of
spends time in and out of Institute's
and things like that and there is a big
twist in this as well which is really
good and totally hinted out throughout
so it's a page-turner as well you want
to know what happens
and yeah just read it I'd say really do
because it is spectacular really lovely
really uniquely written and I don't
think there's enough books like this out
there about mental illness like it's
just ha